Use-Case Realizations - Project 1 (Sales501)
	1. Create sales transaction - The user selects to create a new receipt.  The system then
	prompts the user to enter the date that the transaction took place.  The program will then
	create a new receipt object and then the user is then prompted to enter the item's name, 
	quantity, and price.  The user is then asked if they would like to enter another item.  
	The process is repeated until until the user enters (N)o. The receipt is then printed 
	to the screen and stored in the receipt dictionary in case it needs to be reprinted or modified.
	The stored receipt can also be used to create a rebate if the user wants to.
	
	2. Return Item(s) - The user selects to return an item.  The user is then prompted for the 
	receipt name to verify the transaction occurred.  After verifying that the transaction occurred, 
	the program ensures that a rebate has not been made yet.  If a rebate has been made the user will 
	be notified that the return can not occur because a rebate has already been created.  The user is 
	asked which item they would like to return as well as the quantity they would like to return.
	If the user enters a quantity that is more than they bought the program will inform them
	that they cannot preform the refund because they cannot return more than they bought.  If the user
	enters a successful number the program will remove the quantity of the item and if the user returns
	the entire quantity then it will remove the item from the receipt.
	
	3. Enter Rebate - The user selects to create a rebate.  The program verifies that the purchase
	was made in the month of June then prompts the user to enter when they "Mailed the rebate in."
	If date entered was before the purchase date or after July 15 the program will inform the user 
	that a rebate could not be made on the current check due to corresponding reason.  If information
	verifies then the user is prompted with questions containing to first name, last name, address,
	city, state and zip and a rebate is created.
	
	4. Generate Rebates - The user selects to generate rebates.  The program then traverses the dictionary
	to print out the rebates by checking the current total on the check.  After all rebates that have been
	mailed in are created the dictionary is cleared and adjustments on the receipts can no longer be made.
	